---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nebula_ca Resource - terraform-provider-nebula"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a self signed certificate authority
---

# nebula_ca (Resource)

Create a self signed certificate authority

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nebula_ca" "awesome" {
  name                   = "awesome"
  groups                 = ["nodes", "lighthouses", "laptops"]
  ips                    = ["192.168.0.1/24"]
  subnets                = ["192.168.0.1/26"]
  duration               = "24h"
  early_renewal_duration = "1h"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name of the certificate authority.

### Optional

- **duration** (String) amount of time the certificate should be valid for. Valid time units are seconds: "s", minutes: "m", hours: "h". Defaults to `8760h0m0s`.
- **early_renewal_duration** (String) If set, the resource will consider the certificate to have expired the given durations before its actual expiry time. This can be useful to deploy an updated certificate in advance of the expiration of the current certificate. Note however that the old certificate remains valid until its true expiration time, since this resource does not (and cannot) support certificate revocation. Note also that this advance update can only be performed should the Terraform configuration be applied during the early renewal period.
- **groups** (List of String) List of groups. This will limit which groups subordinate certs can use.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ips** (List of String) List of IPv4 address and network in CIDR notation. This will limit which IPv4 addresses and networks subordinate certs can use for ip addresses.
- **subnets** (List of String) List of IPv4 address and network in CIDR notation. This will limit which IPv4 addresses and networks subordinate certs can use in subnets.

### Read-Only

- **cert** (String) The certificate data in PEM format.
- **fingerprint** (String) The fingerprint of the certificate.
- **key** (String, Sensitive) The private key data in PEM format.


