---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nebula_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-nebula"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and sign a certificate
---

# nebula_certificate (Resource)

Create and sign a certificate

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nebula_certificate" "node1" {
  name       = "node1"
  groups     = ["nodes"]
  ip         = "192.168.0.1/24"
  ca_cert    = nebula_ca.awesome.cert
  ca_key     = nebula_ca.awesome.key
  public_key = <<-EOF
		-----BEGIN NEBULA X25519 PUBLIC KEY-----
		cKqs1nDULzxs7rbEW5p+N7z5/hG34IrRQ3yOS4xvaxs=
		-----END NEBULA X25519 PUBLIC KEY-----
	EOF

  duration               = "24h"
  early_renewal_duration = "1h"
}

resource "nebula_certificate" "node2" {
  name    = "test1"
  groups  = ["nodes", "laptops"]
  ip      = "192.168.0.1/24"
  subnets = ["192.168.0.1/26"]
  ca_cert = nebula_ca.awesome.cert
  ca_key  = nebula_ca.awesome.key

  duration               = "24h"
  early_renewal_duration = "1h"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **ca_cert** (String) The signing CA certificate data in PEM format.
- **ca_key** (String, Sensitive) The signing CA private key data in PEM format.
- **ip** (String) IPv4 address and network in CIDR notation to assign the cert.
- **name** (String) Name of the cert, usually a hostname.

### Optional

- **duration** (String) how long the cert should be valid for. The default is 1 second before the signing cert expires. Valid time units are seconds: "s", minutes: "m", hours: "h".
- **early_renewal_duration** (String) If set, the resource will consider the certificate to have expired the given durations before its actual expiry time. This can be useful to deploy an updated certificate in advance of the expiration of the current certificate. Note however that the old certificate remains valid until its true expiration time, since this resource does not (and cannot) support certificate revocation. Note also that this advance update can only be performed should the Terraform configuration be applied during the early renewal period.
- **groups** (List of String) List of groups.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **public_key** (String) The previously generated public key data in PEM format.
- **subnets** (List of String) List of ipv4 address and network in CIDR notation. Subnets this cert can serve for.

### Read-Only

- **cert** (String) The certificate data in PEM format.
- **fingerprint** (String) The fingerprint of the certificate.
- **key** (String, Sensitive) The private key data in PEM format. Empty if `public_key` is specified.
- **not_after** (String) Certificate not valid after this date.
- **not_before** (String) Certificate not valid after this date.


